DOCSP-40986: Bump minimum pymongocrypt version req to >=1.10 for range v2 and async support (#113)
mongodb/docs-pymongo: source/upgrade.txt

.. diagram for this example?

.. _version-4.9-breaking-changes:

Version 4.9 Breaking Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - ``pymongocrypt`` v1.10 or later is required for :manual:`Client-Side Field 
>   Level Encryption </core/csfle>` (CSFLE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You must use ``pymongocrypt`` v1.10 or later to implement :manual:`Client-Side Field 
  Level Encryption </core/csfle>` (CSFLE) in your application.
```
